# Make yourself more attractive

You do not need to spend 6 hours at the gym every day or wear very expensive
suits to make yourself look better. It could help, but who can afford the time
and money? On the other hand, a small effort can go a long way.

First of all, make sure you are taking care care of your personal hygiene. This
should be more obvious than it sometimes is.

At least when you go out on a date, dress up. First of all, you'll look better;
secondly, you'll be showing you're making an effort and making an effort is
appreciated. Dressing up does not necessarily mean _dress more formally_ or
_wear expensive suits_. If that's your style, then, go for it; but it is not
the only style. What probably does means _stop wearing (and maybe
give/throw-away) your old clothes_ (or at least wear them only when you're
working out or doing housework).

## Fix tension points in your relationship

Now, it would be simpler if sexual pleasure was more directly linked to the
quality of the relationship. In a world women had the most pleasure when their
relationships were the best, a lot of heartbreak and complications would be
avoided.

In the real world, though, it is not that simple. However, saying that things
are _not that simple_ does not mean that there is zero possibility for negative
effects from relationship tensions to the sexual life in the bedroom. This is
especially the case in the context of a long-term relationship, which is
different from a short-term fling or a one-night-stand.

This may mean _talk about your couple_ or it may mean _going to couple's
therapy_. If you've had couple's therapy before, you may already know that it
can be helpful not just when the couple is on the verge of breaking up. In
fact, _couple's therapy_ is a bad name for the practice, which is often
_coaching_ and not _therapy_. Professional athletes have coaches even when they
are the best in the world. So, even if you have the best relationship in the
world, you might benefit from coaching.

## Suggested activities

1. _Personal activity_. Spend some money on a make over: Get a real haircut,
   get new clothes (whatever fits your style; it does not have to be a new
   tailored suitâ€”although this may be a good idea too), get new shoes. If you
   don't know what looks good, at nicer stores, the sales staff can be helpful
   beyond just helping you find your size. Alternatively, pick up a book like
   _Dressing the Man_ by _Alan Fluss_.

