# Introduction

This book should have been called _How to make sex a safe space for her to feel
both at ease and aroused so that she naturally has orgasms (most of the time,
and often multiple times, but maybe not always)_. That would have been a very
long title and it would likely not sell many copies, but it is the actual
description of what this book is about. If you want advice on which body parts
to tickle and which to squeeze, there are plenty of online sources out there
and I assume you can use Google. Most of them offer pretty decent technical
advice, but most of them are besides the point.

This books assumes that you are having sex with a woman that is your regular
partner. Maybe she's your wife, or your long-term girlfriend, maybe just a
particularly good friend, but you are developing a relationship with her over a
period of multiple weeks to decades. One-night stands are overrated in terms of
the quality of the sex, anyway. We are also going to assume you are a man.
Maybe this book could also be useful for other couples or relationship
structures, but, out of ignorance, we will refrain from commenting on them
(although feel free to get in touch with comments on how our writing resonated
or failed to resonate with you, whatever relationship geometry you find
yourself in). So, here we are: the book, you and your female partner.

## The orgasm gap

The _orgasm gap_ refers to the fact that fewer women have regular orgasms than
men. The numbers vary by study and by country, but the picture is somewhat
consistent. Almost all men have regular orgasms during sex. It's not a given;
depending on exactly where and how the question is asked, a third to over half
of women report that they never (or only rarely) orgasm during sex.

Note all women who have had regular sex, have also had sex during which they
did not come and that is perfectly fine. What is not fine is when this becomes
the norm in their sexual lives. If anything, as women are more likely to be
capable of multiple orgasms, they should be coming more. The purpose of this
book is to close and reverse the orgasm gap.

## Notes on stories

All the stories in the book are fictional. Like all literature, they are
composites of real people and experiences, people we've read or heard about,
and people we made up out of whole cloth. Like all literature, we hope they are
illustrative of some form of emotional truth, but they are not literally true.

## Notes on notes

There is a lot of academic research on sexuality. For readability, we are not
mentioning it in the body of the book as we did not want to end up with an
academic book where every sentence contains multiple references. However, at
the end of the book, you will find a chapter with notes and pointers to
scientific literature substantiating the points that we make in the chapters.

## Notes on activities

The suggested activities are not _homework_. They are suggestions, which we
hope are fun and engaging. Take them as you will, do them as you want, adapt to
you, to your relationship, to time and place.

## Getting in touch

As we write above, we would love to hear from you. What in this book did you
find to be true, what did you find to be completely besides the point? What was
helpful, what was not? Any other suggestion, idea, thought?

Email ([SunflowerApart@protonmail.ch](mailto:SunflowerApart@protonmail.ch)) or
on Twitter ([@SunflowerApart](https://twitter.com/SunflowerApart)).

