## Find your language to talk about sex

You need to be able to talk about sex. I mean, you need to be able to talk
about the details of sexual acts in a descriptive, unambiguous manner. Do you
want her to squeeze your penis while performing a blowjob or do you want to ask
her if she would like a finger up her anus? Different couples find different
languages. Some bristle at the medical _penis_ and _vagina_ and prefer the
terms _cock_ and _pussy_; others feel just the opposite; yet a third category
dislikes all of these and ends up inventing their endearing names for body
parts. _None of this matters, what matters is that you find a set of terms and
expressions that you are both comfortable with and use it_.

_Do not kink-shame, do not vallina-shame_. For some of us, anything beyond
missionary position is kinky, while others will consider anything not involving
multiple people, whips, chains, cameras, and 3 hours of preparatory discussion
to be _basically vanilla_.

## Negotiating boundaries



### Can boundaries be re-negotiated during sex?

Yes, absolutely, but **only in one direction**:  the person who has set up
a boundary is allowed to take it down. For example, you can take down
boundaries: imagine that she wants to peg you (use a dildo to fuck you in the
ass), while you have, so far, said no to this idea and to any ass-play at all
(you set up a boundary). If during sex, you suddenly feel an urge to have a
finger inserted in your anus, you can take down that boundary and ask her for
it. In this direction, it is fine and everyone gains from having previously
established desires and boundaries. On the other hand, if she keeps pushing you
into something you do not want or, even worse, acts upon her desires without
asking you, then she has broken a boundary.

You are also, obviously (and this should really go without saying), allowed to
set up new boundaries. This can be either temporary (_not today, put the
strap-on away_) or permanent (_actually, this makes me feel too uncomfortable,
I don't want you to do that anymore_).

