# Taking care of her

> O fingers skilled in things not to be told!<br />
> O tongue which, counter-tongued, made the blood bold!<br />
>
> from ANTINOUS, by Fernando Pessoa

It is one of the driving themes of this book that physical technique matters
less than creating the right emotional space and environment for a woman to
relax into arousal. However, this does not mean that technique is completely
useless.

## She comes first, or last, or in between. Really, it doesn't matter

A particular example of this is how to deal with "early arrival." Most men
will, at some point, "arrive too early". This is not an issue if it happens
occasionally. It becomes an issue (potentially, a huge issue) if it happens
_most of the time_ or _all of the time_.

## Use mechanical help

Get a vibrator.

This is a good idea even if you do not have trouble with orgasms. Toys are good
and fun.


## Take time for sex

If I told you that _there is nothing sexier than a calendar appointment for
sexy time at exactly 7:30pm on Tuesdays_, you might think that I was messing
with you. And you would be right. Pre-scheduled sex is not the best sex.
Fortunately, this is not what this section is about.

You probably do not want to schedule sex, but you do want to ensure you have
_couple's time_, where you are free of other obligations and (importantly) have
the possibility of intimacy. This means taking time off work together (which
may not be very trivial if both of you work and have mismatched working
schedules, but is important). It means ensuring that any familiar obligation
are fulfilled in other ways (_e.g._, if you have children under your care, they
should be taken care of by other family members or other forms of childcare,
like school or a nanny).

Now, maybe this is enough for your relationship: get every other obligation out
of the way for a few hours, get the box of sex toys from under the back of the
sock drawer, and you're off to the races!

But other couples need something different. A dinner date, a hotel room, a spa
day... Make sure that you have the possibility of intimacy. You do not want to
go on a nice dinner date, and then have to have rushed sex in the car. Unless
having sex in the car is fulfilling a fantasy (in which case, have fun), make
sure you have a private space. As they say, _get a room_...

## Sometimes, it just takes a minute

Now, we are going to seemingly contradict everything we wrote in this chapter.

Remember, what we said at the beginning: _it's about making sex a safe space so
that she so that she naturally has orgasms (most of the time, and often
multiple times, but maybe not always)_. So, if it sometimes does not happen,
that's fine. Good sex is all about the paradoxes (_safe and exciting_, _at ease
and turned on_)


